Auspicious Melody of Virtue and Excellence: A Supplication to Sublime Objects of Veneration Oṃ svasti siddhaṃ. Fourth Lamp of the Fortunate Eon, Foremost One of the Śākyas, Lord of the Ten Grounds, regent Ajita, Prince Mañjughoṣa, two supreme disciples, and so forth- I pray to you and your gathered assembly of noble beings. Sixteen elders, seven great patriarchs, Six adornments of the world, three wondrous masters, Eighty-four mahāsiddhas, and so forth- I pray to you, paṇḍitas and siddhas of India. Emanation of Avalokiteśvara, Dharma king Lord Songtsen, Emanation of the Wheel of Stability, Tönmi Saṃbhoṭa, Emanation of Vajrapāṇi, Tongtsen Yulzung, and so forth- I pray to you, emanated king and ministers. Mighty Holder of Secrets, great abbot Śāntarakṣita, Great Compassionate One in person, master Padmākara, Emanation of Mañjuśrīkumāra, Dharma king Trisong, and so forth- I pray to you whose kindness is incomparable. Sakyapas, charioteers of the teachings of Sūtra and Mantra, Lord Ngorchen, secret treasury of the profound and vast tantras, Yak and Rong, lions of speech, and so forth- I pray to you, holders of the teachings in the land of Tibet. You other holders of the kama and terma lineages of the early translations, Fathers and sons of the new and old Kadam tradition and the Kagyu school, Who illuminate the excellent path of benefit and happiness for beings- I pray to you, sublime masters of all traditions. By the power of praying thus with unwavering reverence, May the holders and patrons of the teachings live for a hundred eons, May their activities of teaching and practice flourish, And may the three worlds be flooded with the light of virtue and excellence! This supplication prayer was uttered spontaneously by the fearless master Khyentse Wangpo, a servant who delights Guru Mañjughoṣa, on the thirteenth day of the bright fortnight of the waxing moon in the twelfth month of the Earth Dragon year in the fifteenth sexagenary cycle (1868). May it be meaningful. If one wishes to perform a tea offering with it, instead of "I pray," recite "I make offerings," and in place of "by the power of praying," say "by the power of making this offering." 
